Update address parameters on overrides (#20934)
pantsbuild/pants: docs/notes/2.22.x.md

### Backends

#### BUILD

> Non-parametrized keys in `overrides` or parameter group will now be removed from the target parameters. This fix [a bug](https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/issues/20933) where a target with parametrized default would have inconsistent parameters with its field values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-parametrized values in `overrides` will now be removed from the target's address parameters. This fixes [a bug](https://github.com/pantsbuild/pants/issues/20933) where a target with parametrized default values would have inconsistent address parameters with its field values.
```

(removed the "or parameter group", treating it as part of the notion of being "parametrized".)

### Backends

#### BUILD

Keys in `overrides` will now be removed from the target parameters. This fix a bug where a parametrized default would have inconsistent parameters with its values.

> `parametrize` with single value are now handled the same as not using `parametrized`. No parameter will be added to the target.

Reviewer: I think this is hard to explain with words, and an example would go miles to complement these paragraphs, if you don't mind adding one. (perhaps just a link to the fixed issue is enough to keep the notes brief?)

Author: Are you talking just about the second notes or the first as well?

Reviewer: yea, the first one (while the second one being up for discussion how we want to treat it)
